---
layout: post
title:  "Ab's story"
categories: blog
published: false
---

Ab was hesitating at the cross road, overwhelmed by anxiety.

She was tring to find the most efficient route to some scenic spot in this little town. Yes, it's a little town, yet Ab does not have enough time to have her footprints all over this place.

Ab does not know the town well. She have not even heard about this town before she came, but she know it's got somehing. "You won't believe it! It's brilliant!" people say.

It'd better be something brilliant, she thougt. Took me quite an effort to be here, and looks like it's no more than a few drops of sparrow's tear compared what I still need to go through. I don't wanna go through 8 swamps and cut 37 vines and fight 5 crocodile only to see a stinky, murky river.

Well she knew it's not gonna be that bad, but if she get to choose between an majestic mountain view and a little hill top view, she would want the mountain view. Of course, she wouldn't complain if it was an endless beach with a shiny skyline.

But she did not know where any of these locate, let alone the direction or the actual route. This made her even more anxious.

There must be exactly one correct route, she thought. An optimal solution.

She was late. Normally, she would depart earlier, but this time she is lagged behind. That callow boy who lived downstair was way ahead. But what was more horrifying is the fact that any choice she makes at any cross road will bring huge change in her direction. She fears that any little mis-step will keep her far far way from the main raod.

Time doesn't wait. It's ticking as she stood there and thought.