---
layout: post
title:  "Kerberos for Mac OS X"
categories: kerberos afs mac
---

Accessing a remote service via ssh (secure shell) is handy. Yet, it gets annoying when you have to type the password every time you access. Fortunately, we can use the network authentication protocol Kerberos solve this problem. In this article, I will introduce how to set up Kerbero on Mac OS X for CAEN at University of Michigan.

1. First, get a copy of `/etc/krb5.conf` from CAEN. It should be [something like this](https://gist.github.com/qinyeli/25f757369367135fa54d3690d3633e3b).

2. To configure Kerbero, touch `~/Library/Preferences/edu.mit.Kerberos` and paste the content of `/etc/krb5.conf` into that file.  
(You can also put them in `/Library/Preferences/edu.mit.Kerberos` or `/etc/krb5.conf`. But personally, I don't think it is a good idea to be messing around with the root directory. It's much safer to set up configuratins in your home directory.)

3. If your local username does not match your umich uniquename, run the following code, which makes Kerberos to use that as your defualt identity.

   ```
	echo "uniquename@UMICH.EDU" > ~/.k5identity
   ```

4. Acquire a Kerberos ticket by running `kinit` and then tying your password. Run `klist` to check that the Kerberos ticket is now cached correctly.

6. Add the following code into your ssh configuration file `~/.ssh/config`

   ```
	Host caen
		HostName login.engin.umich.edu
		User <uniquename>
		Compression yes
		GSSAPIAuthentication yes
		GSSAPIDelegateCredentials yes
		GSSAPITrustDNS yes
   ```
   **Update: This configuration does not work when updated to openssh 7.2 (which is used in Sierra). (11/11/2016)**

Done! Try running `ssh caen`! You can enter the system without typing the password (Yet, Kerbero's ticket expires every 24 hours according to CAEN's setting, you have run `kinit` and type password every 24 hours.)